# YOUR PROJECT TITLE
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/m56n5Ckn0f8
#### Description:
    I have created a website using flask and jinja using python. This website seeks to aid NSF's(National Servicemen Fulltime) in Singapore. NSF's are Singaporean males 18 and above who are required by law to be conscripted to the military for 2 years. In these 2 years, they receive a small allowance. This website aids NSF's to both conveniently and accurately calculate their total income and projected savinsg which they could obtained.

    Firstly, the website requires the user to input their name for the sake of creating a session as well as saving their username to a database which would later be used to store data for their particulars. The python capitalize method is called to ensure the name is auto-capitalized. Afterwards, the user is given the option to choose bewteen calculating their pay or days till ORD. We will first discuss the pay calculator.

    The pay calculator has three categories, namely the duration, pathway and vocation. These are all stored in select tags, as there are multiple options per category, the number of permutations is incredibly large. Morevover, further on when the duration and ranks are taken into account the permutations are of a large magnitude. After inputting the data into the categories, an ajax function is called to send that data to flask and update the database. As can be seen for most of the website the design is very much centered, where most elements are center-aligned. This design decision was to be more responsive to the mobile users as well as to have a more simplistic and function focused website. Thereafter, the user scrolls down to the phases section where there are slider input tags to input in the duration at the various phases of an NSF's life. A useful feature is that the database allows for the ranks tag to only display the ranks which are corresponding to the pathway which was chosen. This minimises the cluster of ranks which are displayed, allowing for a sleeker design. With backend server validation to ensure that the sum of the durations are accurate as well as validations to prevent users from manipulating the HTML.

    The next page displays the user's total pay and allows for him to input either the nominal savings or percentage savings. Once again there is server validation to prevent user manipulation. After submitting the data, the user is borught to the final page where a table displays the total pay, total savings and monthly pay/savings.

    Moving on to the ORD calculator. A simplistic webpage is displayed where the username is displayed on the page and a calendar input tag is displayed to select the user's ORD date. Again, an ajax function is used to calculate the number of days till ord. Using python, the datetime library is used to calculate the time difference between the current day and the inputted day. The function then returns the number of days left. 